The story is now my call.
After you come and go.
This family is getting bigger and bigger.
This is the person you've been looking for for five years.
This is good, I believe it.
Oops, what are you looking for?
Just for such a person,
You've been waiting for five years.
This is my business, I will give you the relationship.
Okay, let's talk about something related to the story.
I heard that my little war lord’s biological daughter,
You see, you hear a lot in a day.
I'll tell you the last time.
Don't let me hear the words "small building" from your mouth again.
What are you doing here?
When you didn't get married, you were asked to adopt that Xiaojian
I don't agree with wealth.
Mine has to be right
The child’s biological mother was actually found
Let them cook soup to strengthen the family
What are you talking about life girl?
What's your attitude?
I shouldn’t be handed over to you if I publish a story
If you don’t leave the story to me, why don’t you leave it to you?
Which female giant comes to your door?
What kind of thing is that?
Also put his own letter
What story
I won’t ask my own people to trust me
if not for me
Now story
It should be called Zero Matter
Do you think so?
My good love is zero and one
I warned zero times at the end
Promise me to wait for you
Only you can leave this home
Without him, I would never leave my hometown.